Update enabling-codespaces-for-your-organization.md (#12287)
github/docs: content/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/enabling-codespaces-for-your-organization.md

- Ensure that users have [at least write access](/organizations/managing-access-to-your-organizations-repositories/repository-permission-levels-for-an-organization) to the repositories where they want to use a codespace. 
- [Enable {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} for users in your organization](#configuring-which-users-in-your-organization-can-use-codespaces). You can choose allow {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} for selected users or only for specific users.
- [Set a spending limit](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-spending-limits-for-codespaces)

> - Ensure your organization does not have [IP Allow list](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/keeping-your-organization-secure/managing-allowed-ip-addresses-for-your-organization) enabled.

Reviewer: Slight tweak to the wording to match our style guide:
```suggestion
- Ensure that your organization does not have an IP address allow list enabled. For more information, see "[Managing allowed IP addresses for your organization](/organizations/keeping-your-organization-secure/managing-allowed-ip-addresses-for-your-organization)."
```
